Document monitoring and metrics support (#979)
SRGSSR/pillarbox-apple: Sources/Player/Player.docc/Articles/tracking/tracking-article.md

2. ``PlayerItemTracker/enable(for:)`` is called when the associated item becomes the current one. You can perform player-related setup in this method. An `AVPlayer` instance is provided as parameter and can be used for integration with 3rd party SDK requiring it.
3. ``PlayerItemTracker/updateMetadata(to:)`` is called when metadata is updated for the player item, following retrieval of a new ``Asset``. The method receives an instance of the metadata type you defined above.
4. ``PlayerItemTracker/updateProperties(to:)`` is called when player properties change. Be careful that properties can change often and that your implementation should be as efficient as possible.
5. ``PlayerItemTracker/updateMetricEvents(to:)`` is called when a new ``MetricEvent`` has been received.

> 6. ``PlayerItemTracker/disable(with:)`` is called when the player item stops being the current one. Your implementation should cleanup resources acquired in ``PlayerItemTracker/enable(for:)``. The provided properties can be used to extract player state information at the end of playback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. ``PlayerItemTracker/disable(with:)`` is called when the player item stops being the current one. Your implementation should clean up resources acquired in ``PlayerItemTracker/enable(for:)``. The provided properties can be used to extract player state information at the end of playback.
```

Note that alternative adapter creation methods are available if your tracker has `Void` configuration and / or metadata.

> Tip: You can enable or disable trackers with the ``Player/isTrackingEnabled`` player property. Trackers ignore this setting if their behavior is set to to ``TrackingBehavior/mandatory`` when creating the associated adapter with ``PlayerItemTracker/adapter(configuration:behavior:mapper:)``.

### Associate a session identifier

A ``PlayerItemTracker`` can associate an optional ``PlayerItemTracker/sessionIdentifier-329qf`` with content being played.

Session identifiers are useful for trackers collecting data and sending it to an external service. In such cases you might namely want to match data received remotely with a local session. If this is the case:

1. Implement ``PlayerItemTracker/sessionIdentifier-329qf`` and return an identifier for the current session. You might want to associate a different session with each playback attempt.

> 2. When you need to obtain the list of identifiers in use for some type of tracker, call ``Player/currentSessionIdentifiers(trackedBy:)``, passing it the tracker type. How you make it possible to extract session identifiers client-side is entirely up to you. You might want to display them alongside error messages, automatically capture them into the clipboard, or add them to an email sent to some support recipient address, for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When you need to obtain the list of identifiers in use for some type of tracker, call ``Player/currentSessionIdentifiers(trackedBy:)``, passing it the tracker type. How you make it possible to extract session identifiers client-side is entirely up to you. You might want to display them alongside error messages, automatically capture them to the clipboard, or add them to an email sent to some support recipient address, for example.
```
